modules/akismet/views/admin_akismet.html.php                 14  DIRTY $form
modules/akismet/views/admin_akismet_stats.html.php           9   DIRTY $api_key
modules/akismet/views/admin_akismet_stats.html.php           9   DIRTY $blog_url
modules/comment/views/admin_block_recent_comments.html.php   4   DIRTY $i
modules/comment/views/admin_block_recent_comments.html.php   5   DIRTY $comment->author()->avatar_url(32, $theme->url("images/avatar.jpg", true))
modules/comment/views/admin_block_recent_comments.html.php   7   CLEAN $comment->author_name()
modules/comment/views/admin_block_recent_comments.html.php   10  DIRTY $comment->created
modules/comment/views/admin_block_recent_comments.html.php   12  CLEAN $comment->author_name()
modules/comment/views/admin_block_recent_comments.html.php   13  CLEAN $comment->text
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                4   DIRTY $csrf
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                15  DIRTY $csrf
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                42  DIRTY $menu
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                65  DIRTY $spam_caught
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                72  DIRTY $counts->spam
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                75  DIRTY $csrf
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                106 DIRTY $comment->id
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                106 DIRTY $i
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                109 DIRTY $comment->author()->avatar_url(40, $theme->url("images/avatar.jpg", true))
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                111 CLEAN $comment->author_name()
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                115 CLEAN $comment->author_email()
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                116 CLEAN $comment->author_email()
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                116 CLEAN $comment->author_name()
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                122 DIRTY $item->url()
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                124 DIRTY $item->thumb_url()
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                125 CLEAN $item->title
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                126 DIRTY $item->thumb_width
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                126 DIRTY $item->thumb_height
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                134 DIRTY $comment->created
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                135 CLEAN $comment->text
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                141 DIRTY $comment->id
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                150 DIRTY $comment->id
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                159 DIRTY $comment->id
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                167 DIRTY $comment->id
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                174 DIRTY $comment->id
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                181 DIRTY $comment->id
modules/comment/views/admin_comments.html.php                194 DIRTY $pager
modules/comment/views/comment.html.php                       2   DIRTY $comment->id
modules/comment/views/comment.html.php                       5   DIRTY $comment->author()->avatar_url(40, $theme->url("images/avatar.jpg", true))
modules/comment/views/comment.html.php                       7   CLEAN $comment->author_name()
modules/comment/views/comment.html.php                       11  DIRTY $comment->created
modules/comment/views/comment.html.php                       12  CLEAN $comment->author_name()
modules/comment/views/comment.html.php                       15  CLEAN $comment->text
modules/comment/views/comments.html.php                      10  DIRTY $comment->id
modules/comment/views/comments.html.php                      13  DIRTY $comment->author()->avatar_url(40, $theme->url("images/avatar.jpg", true))
modules/comment/views/comments.html.php                      15  CLEAN $comment->author_name()
modules/comment/views/comments.html.php                      20  DIRTY $comment->created
modules/comment/views/comments.html.php                      21  CLEAN $comment->author_name()
modules/comment/views/comments.html.php                      24  CLEAN $comment->text
modules/exif/views/exif_dialog.html.php                      14  DIRTY $details
modules/exif/views/exif_dialog.html.php                      14  DIRTY $i
modules/exif/views/exif_dialog.html.php                      17  CLEAN $details
modules/exif/views/exif_dialog.html.php                      17  CLEAN $i
modules/exif/views/exif_dialog.html.php                      21  DIRTY $details
modules/exif/views/exif_dialog.html.php                      21  DIRTY $i
modules/exif/views/exif_dialog.html.php                      24  CLEAN $details
modules/exif/views/exif_dialog.html.php                      24  CLEAN $i
modules/exif/views/exif_sidebar.html.php                     2   DIRTY $item->id
modules/g2_import/views/admin_g2_import.html.php             8   DIRTY $form
modules/g2_import/views/admin_g2_import.html.php             26  DIRTY $g2_stats
modules/g2_import/views/admin_g2_import.html.php             29  DIRTY $g2_stats
modules/g2_import/views/admin_g2_import.html.php             32  DIRTY $g2_stats
modules/g2_import/views/admin_g2_import.html.php             35  DIRTY $g2_stats
modules/g2_import/views/admin_g2_import.html.php             38  DIRTY $g2_stats
modules/g2_import/views/admin_g2_import.html.php             41  DIRTY $g2_stats
modules/g2_import/views/admin_g2_import.html.php             45  DIRTY $g2_stats
modules/g2_import/views/admin_g2_import.html.php             53  DIRTY $g2_sizes
modules/g2_import/views/admin_g2_import.html.php             54  DIRTY $thumb_size
modules/g2_import/views/admin_g2_import.html.php             62  DIRTY $g2_sizes
modules/g2_import/views/admin_g2_import.html.php             63  DIRTY $resize_size
modules/gallery/views/admin_advanced_settings.html.php       22  DIRTY $var->module_name
modules/gallery/views/admin_advanced_settings.html.php       23  CLEAN $var->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_advanced_settings.html.php       25  DIRTY $var->module_name
modules/gallery/views/admin_advanced_settings.html.php       25  CLEAN $var->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_advanced_settings.html.php       27  CLEAN $var->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_advanced_settings.html.php       27  DIRTY $var->module_name
modules/gallery/views/admin_advanced_settings.html.php       28  CLEAN $var->value
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_log_entries.html.php       4   DIRTY $entry->severity
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_log_entries.html.php       5   DIRTY $entry->user_id
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_log_entries.html.php       5   CLEAN $entry->user->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_log_entries.html.php       6   DIRTY $entry->timestamp
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_log_entries.html.php       7   DIRTY $entry->message
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_log_entries.html.php       8   DIRTY $entry->html
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_news.html.php              5   DIRTY $entry
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_news.html.php              5   DIRTY $entry
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_news.html.php              7   DIRTY $entry
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_photo_stream.html.php      5   DIRTY $photo->id
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_photo_stream.html.php      5   CLEAN $photo->title
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_photo_stream.html.php      6   DIRTY $photo->width
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_photo_stream.html.php      6   DIRTY $photo->height
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_photo_stream.html.php      7   DIRTY $photo->thumb_url()
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_photo_stream.html.php      7   CLEAN $photo->title
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_platform.html.php          16  DIRTY $load_average
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_stats.html.php             7   DIRTY $album_count
modules/gallery/views/admin_block_stats.html.php             10  DIRTY $photo_count
modules/gallery/views/admin_dashboard.html.php               5   DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_dashboard.html.php               37  DIRTY $blocks
modules/gallery/views/admin_graphics.html.php                6   DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_graphics.html.php                21  DIRTY $active
modules/gallery/views/admin_graphics.html.php                25  DIRTY $available
modules/gallery/views/admin_graphics_gd.html.php             2   DIRTY $is_active
modules/gallery/views/admin_graphics_gd.html.php             2   DIRTY $tk->gd
modules/gallery/views/admin_graphics_gd.html.php             11  DIRTY $tk->gd
modules/gallery/views/admin_graphics_gd.html.php             19  DIRTY $tk->gd
modules/gallery/views/admin_graphics_graphicsmagick.html.php 2   DIRTY $is_active
modules/gallery/views/admin_graphics_graphicsmagick.html.php 2   DIRTY $tk->graphicsmagick
modules/gallery/views/admin_graphics_graphicsmagick.html.php 11  DIRTY $tk->graphicsmagick
modules/gallery/views/admin_graphics_imagemagick.html.php    2   DIRTY $is_active
modules/gallery/views/admin_graphics_imagemagick.html.php    2   DIRTY $tk->imagemagick
modules/gallery/views/admin_graphics_imagemagick.html.php    11  DIRTY $tk->imagemagick
modules/gallery/views/admin_languages.html.php               5   DIRTY $settings_form
modules/gallery/views/admin_languages.html.php               8   DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_languages.html.php               14  DIRTY $share_translations_form
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             23  DIRTY $task->severity
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             25  DIRTY $task->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             28  DIRTY $task->description
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             31  DIRTY $task->callback
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             31  DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             44  DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             70  DIRTY $task->state
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             72  DIRTY $task->updated
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             75  DIRTY $task->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             86  DIRTY $task->percent_complete
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             90  DIRTY $task->status
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             93  CLEAN $task->owner()->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             97  DIRTY $task->id
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             97  DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             101 DIRTY $task->id
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             101 DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             113 DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             140 DIRTY $task->state
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             142 DIRTY $task->updated
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             145 DIRTY $task->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             157 DIRTY $task->status
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             160 DIRTY $task->owner()->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             164 DIRTY $task->id
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             164 DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             168 DIRTY $task->id
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             168 DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             171 DIRTY $task->id
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance.html.php             171 DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance_task.html.php        5   DIRTY $task->id
modules/gallery/views/admin_maintenance_task.html.php        5   DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_modules.html.php                 19  DIRTY $i
modules/gallery/views/admin_modules.html.php                 22  DIRTY $data
modules/gallery/views/admin_modules.html.php                 22  DIRTY $module_name
modules/gallery/views/admin_modules.html.php                 23  DIRTY $module_info->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_modules.html.php                 24  DIRTY $module_info->version
modules/gallery/views/admin_modules.html.php                 25  DIRTY $module_info->description
modules/gallery/views/admin_theme_details.html.php           5   DIRTY $form
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  5   DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  18  DIRTY $site
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  19  DIRTY $themes
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  19  DIRTY $site
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  20  DIRTY $themes
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  20  DIRTY $site
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  22  DIRTY $themes
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  22  DIRTY $site
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  33  DIRTY $id
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  33  DIRTY $info->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  34  DIRTY $id
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  35  DIRTY $info->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  36  DIRTY $info->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  38  DIRTY $info->description
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  56  DIRTY $admin
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  57  DIRTY $themes
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  57  DIRTY $admin
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  58  DIRTY $themes
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  58  DIRTY $admin
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  60  DIRTY $themes
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  60  DIRTY $admin
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  71  DIRTY $id
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  71  DIRTY $info->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  72  DIRTY $id
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  73  DIRTY $info->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  74  DIRTY $info->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes.html.php                  76  DIRTY $info->description
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes_preview.html.php          3   DIRTY $type
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes_preview.html.php          3   DIRTY $theme_name
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes_preview.html.php          3   DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes_preview.html.php          4   DIRTY $info->name
modules/gallery/views/admin_themes_preview.html.php          7   DIRTY $url
modules/gallery/views/after_install.html.php                 11  CLEAN $user->name
modules/gallery/views/after_install.html.php                 15  DIRTY $user->id
modules/gallery/views/kohana_error_page.php                  98  DIRTY $message
modules/gallery/views/kohana_error_page.php                  100 DIRTY $file
modules/gallery/views/kohana_error_page.php                  100 DIRTY $line
modules/gallery/views/kohana_error_page.php                  112 DIRTY $trace
modules/gallery/views/kohana_profiler.php                    32  DIRTY $profile->render()
modules/gallery/views/kohana_profiler.php                    34  DIRTY $execution_time
modules/gallery/views/l10n_client.html.php                   13  DIRTY $string
modules/gallery/views/l10n_client.html.php                   14  DIRTY $string
modules/gallery/views/l10n_client.html.php                   18  DIRTY $l10n_search_form
modules/gallery/views/l10n_client.html.php                   25  DIRTY $l10n_form
modules/gallery/views/l10n_client.html.php                   29  DIRTY $string_list
modules/gallery/views/move_browse.html.php                   4   DIRTY $source->id
modules/gallery/views/move_browse.html.php                   39  DIRTY $tree
modules/gallery/views/move_browse.html.php                   42  DIRTY $source->id
modules/gallery/views/move_tree.html.php                     2   DIRTY $parent->thumb_tag(array(), 25)
modules/gallery/views/move_tree.html.php                     4   DIRTY $parent->id
modules/gallery/views/move_tree.html.php                     4   CLEAN $parent->title
modules/gallery/views/move_tree.html.php                     6   DIRTY $parent->id
modules/gallery/views/move_tree.html.php                     6   CLEAN $parent->title
modules/gallery/views/move_tree.html.php                     8   DIRTY $parent->id
modules/gallery/views/move_tree.html.php                     10  DIRTY $child->id
modules/gallery/views/move_tree.html.php                     11  DIRTY $child->thumb_tag(array(), 25)
modules/gallery/views/move_tree.html.php                     13  DIRTY $child->id
modules/gallery/views/move_tree.html.php                     13  CLEAN $child->title
modules/gallery/views/move_tree.html.php                     15  DIRTY $child->id
modules/gallery/views/move_tree.html.php                     15  CLEAN $child->title
modules/gallery/views/permissions_browse.html.php            15  DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/permissions_browse.html.php            37  DIRTY $parent->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_browse.html.php            38  CLEAN $parent->title
modules/gallery/views/permissions_browse.html.php            40  DIRTY $parent->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_browse.html.php            44  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_browse.html.php            45  CLEAN $item->title
modules/gallery/views/permissions_browse.html.php            47  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_browse.html.php            48  DIRTY $form
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              9   CLEAN $group->name
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              15  DIRTY $permission->display_name
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              24  DIRTY $lock->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              32  DIRTY $group->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              32  DIRTY $permission->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              32  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              36  DIRTY $group->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              36  DIRTY $permission->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              36  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              43  DIRTY $group->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              43  DIRTY $permission->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              43  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              47  DIRTY $group->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              47  DIRTY $permission->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              47  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              56  DIRTY $group->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              56  DIRTY $permission->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              56  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              63  DIRTY $group->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              63  DIRTY $permission->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              63  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              74  DIRTY $group->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              74  DIRTY $permission->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              74  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              79  DIRTY $group->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              79  DIRTY $permission->id
modules/gallery/views/permissions_form.html.php              79  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    9   DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    9   DIRTY $page_type
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    10  DIRTY $title
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    12  DIRTY $title
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    17  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    17  DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    17  DIRTY $page_type
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    24  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    24  DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    24  DIRTY $page_type
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    41  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    42  DIRTY $title
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    44  DIRTY $title
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    61  DIRTY $disabledState
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    61  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    61  DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    61  DIRTY $page_type
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    62  DIRTY $title
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    64  DIRTY $title
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    78  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    78  DIRTY $csrf
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    78  DIRTY $page_type
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    78  DIRTY $message
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    78  DIRTY $title
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    80  DIRTY $title
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    93  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    98  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/quick_pane.html.php                    103 DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/simple_uploader.html.php               8   CLEAN $item->title
modules/gallery/views/simple_uploader.html.php               28  CLEAN $parent->title
modules/gallery/views/simple_uploader.html.php               30  CLEAN $item->title
modules/gallery/views/simple_uploader.html.php               77  DIRTY $item->id
modules/gallery/views/simple_uploader.html.php               81  DIRTY $csrf
modules/image_block/views/image_block_block.html.php         3   DIRTY $item->url()
modules/image_block/views/image_block_block.html.php         4   DIRTY $item->thumb_tag(array("class" => "gThumbnail"))
modules/info/views/info_block.html.php                       6   CLEAN $item->title
modules/info/views/info_block.html.php                       11  CLEAN $item->description
modules/info/views/info_block.html.php                       17  CLEAN $item->name
modules/info/views/info_block.html.php                       23  DIRTY $item->captured
modules/info/views/info_block.html.php                       29  CLEAN $item->owner->name
modules/notification/views/comment_published.html.php        4   CLEAN $subject
modules/notification/views/comment_published.html.php        7   CLEAN $subject
modules/notification/views/comment_published.html.php        11  CLEAN $comment->text
modules/notification/views/comment_published.html.php        15  CLEAN $comment->author_name()
modules/notification/views/comment_published.html.php        19  CLEAN $comment->author_email()
modules/notification/views/comment_published.html.php        23  CLEAN $comment->author_url()
modules/notification/views/comment_published.html.php        28  DIRTY $comment->item()->url(array(), true)
modules/notification/views/comment_published.html.php        29  DIRTY $comment->item()->url(array(), true)
modules/notification/views/item_added.html.php               4   CLEAN $subject
modules/notification/views/item_added.html.php               7   CLEAN $subject
modules/notification/views/item_added.html.php               11  CLEAN $item->title
modules/notification/views/item_added.html.php               16  DIRTY $item->url(array(), true)
modules/notification/views/item_added.html.php               17  DIRTY $item->url(array(), true)
modules/notification/views/item_added.html.php               24  CLEAN $item->description
modules/notification/views/item_deleted.html.php             4   CLEAN $subject
modules/notification/views/item_deleted.html.php             7   CLEAN $subject
modules/notification/views/item_deleted.html.php             12  CLEAN $item->parent()->title
modules/notification/views/item_deleted.html.php             18  DIRTY $item->parent()->url(array(), true)
modules/notification/views/item_deleted.html.php             19  DIRTY $item->parent()->url(array(), true)
modules/notification/views/item_updated.html.php             4   CLEAN $subject
modules/notification/views/item_updated.html.php             7   CLEAN $subject
modules/notification/views/item_updated.html.php             12  CLEAN $new->title
modules/notification/views/item_updated.html.php             15  CLEAN $new->title
modules/notification/views/item_updated.html.php             20  DIRTY $new->url(array(), true)
modules/notification/views/item_updated.html.php             20  DIRTY $new->url(array(), true)
modules/notification/views/item_updated.html.php             25  CLEAN $new->description
modules/notification/views/item_updated.html.php             30  CLEAN $new->description
modules/organize/views/organize.html.php                     10  DIRTY $item->id
modules/organize/views/organize.html.php                     12  DIRTY $csrf
modules/organize/views/organize.html.php                     13  DIRTY $csrf
modules/organize/views/organize.html.php                     19  CLEAN $item->title
modules/organize/views/organize.html.php                     33  DIRTY $album_tree
modules/organize/views/organize.html.php                     48  DIRTY $button_pane
modules/organize/views/organize_album.html.php               3   DIRTY $album->id
modules/organize/views/organize_album.html.php               4   DIRTY $album->id
modules/organize/views/organize_album.html.php               4   DIRTY $album->id
modules/organize/views/organize_album.html.php               5   DIRTY $album_icon
modules/organize/views/organize_album.html.php               5   DIRTY $album_icon
modules/organize/views/organize_album.html.php               8   DIRTY $album->id
modules/organize/views/organize_album.html.php               8   DIRTY $album->id
modules/organize/views/organize_album.html.php               9   DIRTY $selected
modules/organize/views/organize_album.html.php               10  CLEAN $album->title
modules/organize/views/organize_album.html.php               12  DIRTY $album->id
modules/organize/views/organize_album.html.php               13  DIRTY $album_icon
modules/organize/views/organize_album.html.php               14  DIRTY $children
modules/organize/views/organize_edit.html.php                4   DIRTY $idx
modules/organize/views/organize_edit.html.php                4   DIRTY $pane
modules/organize/views/organize_edit.html.php                10  DIRTY $idx
modules/organize/views/organize_edit.html.php                10  DIRTY $pane
modules/organize/views/organize_thumb_grid.html.php          7   DIRTY $child->id
modules/organize/views/organize_thumb_grid.html.php          7   DIRTY $child->id
modules/organize/views/organize_thumb_grid.html.php          8   DIRTY $child->id
modules/organize/views/organize_thumb_grid.html.php          8   DIRTY $item_class
modules/organize/views/organize_thumb_grid.html.php          9   DIRTY $child->thumb_tag(array("class" => "gThumbnail"), $thumbsize, true)
modules/recaptcha/views/admin_recaptcha.html.php             5   DIRTY $form->get_key_url
modules/recaptcha/views/admin_recaptcha.html.php             8   DIRTY $form
modules/recaptcha/views/admin_recaptcha.html.php             21  DIRTY $public_key
modules/rss/views/comment.mrss.php                           9   CLEAN $title
modules/rss/views/comment.mrss.php                           10  DIRTY $link
modules/rss/views/comment.mrss.php                           11  CLEAN $description
modules/rss/views/comment.mrss.php                           13  DIRTY $feed_link
modules/rss/views/comment.mrss.php                           16  DIRTY $previous_page_link
modules/rss/views/comment.mrss.php                           19  DIRTY $next_page_link
modules/rss/views/comment.mrss.php                           21  DIRTY $pub_date
modules/rss/views/comment.mrss.php                           22  DIRTY $pub_date
modules/rss/views/comment.mrss.php                           25  CLEAN $child
modules/rss/views/comment.mrss.php                           26  CLEAN $child
modules/rss/views/comment.mrss.php                           27  CLEAN $child
modules/rss/views/comment.mrss.php                           28  DIRTY $child
modules/rss/views/comment.mrss.php                           29  DIRTY $child
modules/rss/views/comment.mrss.php                           32  CLEAN $child
modules/rss/views/comment.mrss.php                           34  DIRTY $child
modules/rss/views/comment.mrss.php                           35  DIRTY $child
modules/rss/views/comment.mrss.php                           35  DIRTY $child
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              9   CLEAN $title
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              10  DIRTY $link
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              11  CLEAN $description
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              13  DIRTY $feed_link
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              16  DIRTY $previous_page_link
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              19  DIRTY $next_page_link
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              21  DIRTY $pub_date
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              22  DIRTY $pub_date
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              25  CLEAN $child->title
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              26  DIRTY $child->type
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              26  DIRTY $child->id
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              27  DIRTY $child->type
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              27  DIRTY $child->id
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              28  DIRTY $child->created
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              31  CLEAN $child->description
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              34  DIRTY $child->resize_url(true)
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              35  CLEAN $child->title
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              36  DIRTY $child->resize_height
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              36  DIRTY $child->resize_width
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              38  DIRTY $child->type
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              38  DIRTY $child->id
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              39  DIRTY $child->thumb_url(true)
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              40  CLEAN $child->title
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              41  DIRTY $child->thumb_height
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              41  DIRTY $child->thumb_width
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              43  CLEAN $child->description
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              47  DIRTY $child->thumb_url(true)
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              48  DIRTY $child->thumb_path()
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              49  DIRTY $child->thumb_height
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              50  DIRTY $child->thumb_width
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              54  DIRTY $child->resize_url(true)
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              55  DIRTY $child->resize_path()
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              56  DIRTY $child->mime_type
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              57  DIRTY $child->resize_height
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              58  DIRTY $child->resize_width
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              62  DIRTY $child->file_url(true)
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              63  DIRTY $child->file_path()
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              64  DIRTY $child->mime_type
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              65  DIRTY $child->height
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              66  DIRTY $child->width
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              70  DIRTY $child->file_url(true)
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              71  DIRTY $child->file_path()
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              72  DIRTY $child->height
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              73  DIRTY $child->width
modules/rss/views/feed.mrss.php                              74  DIRTY $child->mime_type
modules/rss/views/rss_block.html.php                         6   DIRTY $url
modules/rss/views/rss_block.html.php                         8   DIRTY $title
modules/search/views/search.html.php                         11  CLEAN $q
modules/search/views/search.html.php                         30  DIRTY $item_class
modules/search/views/search.html.php                         31  DIRTY $item->id
modules/search/views/search.html.php                         32  DIRTY $item->thumb_tag()
modules/search/views/search.html.php                         34  CLEAN $item->title
modules/search/views/search.html.php                         37  CLEAN $item->description
modules/search/views/search.html.php                         43  DIRTY $theme->pager()
modules/search/views/search.html.php                         47  CLEAN $q
modules/server_add/views/admin_server_add.html.php           11  DIRTY $path
modules/server_add/views/admin_server_add.html.php           11  DIRTY $csrf
modules/server_add/views/admin_server_add.html.php           12  DIRTY $id
modules/server_add/views/admin_server_add.html.php           16  DIRTY $path
modules/server_add/views/admin_server_add.html.php           24  DIRTY $form
modules/server_add/views/server_add_tree.html.php            3   DIRTY $tree_id
modules/server_add/views/server_add_tree.html.php            4   DIRTY $tree_id
modules/server_add/views/server_add_tree.html.php            8   DIRTY $tree_id
modules/server_add/views/server_add_tree.html.php            13  DIRTY $tree_id
modules/server_add/views/server_add_tree.html.php            15  DIRTY $file_info
modules/server_add/views/server_add_tree.html.php            19  CLEAN $file_info
modules/server_add/views/server_add_tree.html.php            19  CLEAN $file
modules/server_add/views/server_add_tree_dialog.html.php     8   CLEAN $album_title
modules/server_add/views/server_add_tree_dialog.html.php     13  CLEAN $parent->title
modules/server_add/views/server_add_tree_dialog.html.php     15  CLEAN $album_title
modules/server_add/views/server_add_tree_dialog.html.php     18  DIRTY $action
modules/server_add/views/server_add_tree_dialog.html.php     20  DIRTY $tree
modules/tag/views/admin_tags.html.php                        14  DIRTY $csrf
modules/tag/views/admin_tags.html.php                        28  DIRTY $tags->count()
modules/tag/views/admin_tags.html.php                        36  DIRTY $current_letter
modules/tag/views/admin_tags.html.php                        46  DIRTY $current_letter
modules/tag/views/admin_tags.html.php                        51  DIRTY $tag->id
modules/tag/views/admin_tags.html.php                        51  CLEAN $tag->name
modules/tag/views/admin_tags.html.php                        52  DIRTY $tag->count
modules/tag/views/admin_tags.html.php                        53  DIRTY $tag->id
modules/tag/views/tag_block.html.php                         3   DIRTY $cloud
modules/tag/views/tag_block.html.php                         5   DIRTY $form
modules/tag/views/tag_cloud.html.php                         4   DIRTY $tag->count
modules/tag/views/tag_cloud.html.php                         4   DIRTY $max_count
modules/tag/views/tag_cloud.html.php                         5   DIRTY $tag->count
modules/tag/views/tag_cloud.html.php                         6   DIRTY $tag->id
modules/tag/views/tag_cloud.html.php                         6   CLEAN $tag->name
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      3   DIRTY $csrf
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      36  DIRTY $csrf
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      67  DIRTY $user->id
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      67  DIRTY $user->admin
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      68  DIRTY $user->id
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      69  DIRTY $user->avatar_url(20, $theme->url("images/avatar.jpg", true))
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      71  CLEAN $user->name
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      74  CLEAN $user->name
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      77  CLEAN $user->full_name
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      80  CLEAN $user->email
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      83  DIRTY $user->last_login
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      83  DIRTY $user->last_login
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      86  DIRTY $user->id
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      91  DIRTY $user->id
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      121 DIRTY $group->id
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      121 DIRTY $group->special
modules/user/views/admin_users.html.php                      123 DIRTY $v
modules/user/views/admin_users_group.html.php                3   CLEAN $group->name
modules/user/views/admin_users_group.html.php                5   DIRTY $group->id
modules/user/views/admin_users_group.html.php                6   CLEAN $group->name
modules/user/views/admin_users_group.html.php                20  CLEAN $user->name
modules/user/views/admin_users_group.html.php                22  DIRTY $user->id
modules/user/views/admin_users_group.html.php                22  DIRTY $group->id
modules/user/views/admin_users_group.html.php                25  CLEAN $user->name
modules/user/views/admin_users_group.html.php                25  CLEAN $group->name
modules/user/views/login.html.php                            11  DIRTY $user->id
modules/user/views/login.html.php                            14  CLEAN $user->full_name
modules/user/views/login.html.php                            14  CLEAN $user->name
modules/user/views/login.html.php                            14  CLEAN $user->full_name
modules/user/views/login_ajax.html.php                       37  DIRTY $form
modules/user/views/reset_password.html.php                   9   CLEAN $user->full_name
modules/user/views/reset_password.html.php                   9   CLEAN $user->full_name
modules/user/views/reset_password.html.php                   9   CLEAN $user->name
modules/user/views/reset_password.html.php                   12  DIRTY $confirm_url
modules/watermark/views/admin_watermarks.html.php            19  DIRTY $width
modules/watermark/views/admin_watermarks.html.php            19  DIRTY $height
modules/watermark/views/admin_watermarks.html.php            19  DIRTY $url
modules/watermark/views/admin_watermarks.html.php            21  DIRTY $position
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    17  DIRTY $theme->url("css/screen.css")
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    20  DIRTY $theme->url("css/fix-ie.css")
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    29  DIRTY $theme->url("js/jquery.dropshadow.js")
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    30  DIRTY $theme->url("js/ui.init.js")
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    31  DIRTY $theme->admin_head()
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    35  DIRTY $theme->admin_page_top()
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    41  DIRTY $theme->site_status()
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    43  DIRTY $theme->admin_header_top()
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    50  DIRTY $theme->admin_menu()
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    52  DIRTY $theme->admin_header_bottom()
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    58  DIRTY $theme->messages()
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    59  DIRTY $content
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    65  DIRTY $sidebar
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    70  DIRTY $theme->admin_footer()
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    72  DIRTY $theme->admin_credits()
themes/admin_default/views/admin.html.php                    76  DIRTY $theme->admin_page_bottom()
themes/admin_default/views/block.html.php                    2   DIRTY $id
themes/admin_default/views/block.html.php                    2   DIRTY $css_id
themes/admin_default/views/block.html.php                    5   DIRTY $id
themes/admin_default/views/block.html.php                    5   DIRTY $csrf
themes/admin_default/views/block.html.php                    10  DIRTY $title
themes/admin_default/views/block.html.php                    13  DIRTY $content
themes/admin_default/views/pager.html.php                    9   DIRTY $from_to_msg
themes/admin_default/views/pager.html.php                    11  DIRTY $url
themes/admin_default/views/pager.html.php                    16  DIRTY $previous_page
themes/admin_default/views/pager.html.php                    16  DIRTY $url
themes/admin_default/views/pager.html.php                    21  DIRTY $next_page
themes/admin_default/views/pager.html.php                    21  DIRTY $url
themes/admin_default/views/pager.html.php                    26  DIRTY $last_page
themes/admin_default/views/pager.html.php                    26  DIRTY $url
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          4   DIRTY $theme->album_top()
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          5   CLEAN $item->title
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          6   CLEAN $item->description
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          15  DIRTY $child->id
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          15  DIRTY $item_class
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          16  DIRTY $theme->thumb_top($child)
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          17  DIRTY $child->url()
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          18  DIRTY $child->thumb_tag(array("class" => "gThumbnail"))
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          20  DIRTY $theme->thumb_bottom($child)
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          21  DIRTY $child->url()
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          21  CLEAN $child->title
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          23  DIRTY $theme->thumb_info($child)
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          28  DIRTY $theme->album_bottom()
themes/default/views/album.html.php                          30  DIRTY $theme->pager()
themes/default/views/block.html.php                          2   DIRTY $anchor
themes/default/views/block.html.php                          3   DIRTY $css_id
themes/default/views/block.html.php                          4   DIRTY $title
themes/default/views/block.html.php                          6   DIRTY $content
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        4   DIRTY $theme->dynamic_top()
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        6   CLEAN $tag->name
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        11  DIRTY $child->is_album()
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        12  DIRTY $theme->thumb_top($child)
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        13  DIRTY $child->url()
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        14  DIRTY $child->id
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        15  DIRTY $child->thumb_url()
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        16  DIRTY $child->thumb_width
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        17  DIRTY $child->thumb_height
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        19  CLEAN $child->title
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        20  DIRTY $theme->thumb_bottom($child)
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        22  DIRTY $theme->thumb_info($child)
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        27  DIRTY $theme->dynamic_bottom()
themes/default/views/dynamic.html.php                        29  DIRTY $theme->pager()
themes/default/views/footer.html.php                         2   DIRTY $theme->footer()
themes/default/views/footer.html.php                         4   DIRTY $footer_text
themes/default/views/footer.html.php                         7   DIRTY $theme->credits()
themes/default/views/header.html.php                         2   DIRTY $theme->header_top()
themes/default/views/header.html.php                         4   DIRTY $header_text
themes/default/views/header.html.php                         7   DIRTY $theme->url("images/logo.png")
themes/default/views/header.html.php                         12  DIRTY $theme->site_menu()
themes/default/views/header.html.php                         15  DIRTY $theme->header_bottom()
themes/default/views/header.html.php                         21  DIRTY $parent->id
themes/default/views/header.html.php                         21  DIRTY $item->id
themes/default/views/header.html.php                         22  CLEAN $parent->title
themes/default/views/header.html.php                         26  CLEAN $item->title
themes/default/views/login_page.html.php                     10  DIRTY $theme->url("images/favicon.ico")
themes/default/views/login_page.html.php                     17  DIRTY $theme->url("css/screen.css")
themes/default/views/login_page.html.php                     20  DIRTY $theme->url("css/fix-ie.css")
themes/default/views/login_page.html.php                     28  DIRTY $theme->url("js/ui.init.js")
themes/default/views/movie.html.php                          4   DIRTY $theme->photo_top()
themes/default/views/movie.html.php                          7   DIRTY $position
themes/default/views/movie.html.php                          7   DIRTY $sibling_count
themes/default/views/movie.html.php                          9   DIRTY $previous_item->url()
themes/default/views/movie.html.php                          12  DIRTY $next_item->url()
themes/default/views/movie.html.php                          16  DIRTY $item->id
themes/default/views/movie.html.php                          17  DIRTY $item->file_url(true)
themes/default/views/movie.html.php                          18  DIRTY $item->width
themes/default/views/movie.html.php                          18  DIRTY $item->height
themes/default/views/movie.html.php                          21  DIRTY $item->id
themes/default/views/movie.html.php                          35  CLEAN $item->title
themes/default/views/movie.html.php                          36  CLEAN $item->description
themes/default/views/movie.html.php                          39  DIRTY $theme->photo_bottom()
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           11  CLEAN $item->title
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           14  DIRTY $page_title
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           16  DIRTY $theme->page_type
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           18  DIRTY $theme->url("images/favicon.ico")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           25  DIRTY $theme->url("css/screen.css")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           28  DIRTY $theme->url("css/fix-ie.css")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           37  DIRTY $new_width
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           38  DIRTY $new_height
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           39  DIRTY $thumb_proportion
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           51  DIRTY $theme->url("js/jquery.scrollTo.js")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           52  DIRTY $theme->url("js/jquery.localscroll.js")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           53  DIRTY $theme->url("js/ui.init.js")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           54  DIRTY $theme->head()
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           58  DIRTY $theme->page_top()
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           60  DIRTY $theme->site_status()
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           62  DIRTY $theme->display("header.html")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           68  DIRTY $theme->messages()
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           69  DIRTY $content
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           74  DIRTY $theme->display("sidebar.html")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           78  DIRTY $theme->display("footer.html")
themes/default/views/page.html.php                           81  DIRTY $theme->page_bottom()
themes/default/views/pager.html.php                          11  DIRTY $url
themes/default/views/pager.html.php                          18  DIRTY $previous_page
themes/default/views/pager.html.php                          18  DIRTY $url
themes/default/views/pager.html.php                          25  DIRTY $from_to_msg
themes/default/views/pager.html.php                          28  DIRTY $next_page
themes/default/views/pager.html.php                          28  DIRTY $url
themes/default/views/pager.html.php                          35  DIRTY $last_page
themes/default/views/pager.html.php                          35  DIRTY $url
themes/default/views/photo.html.php                          3   DIRTY $theme->photo_top()
themes/default/views/photo.html.php                          8   DIRTY $previous_item->url()
themes/default/views/photo.html.php                          15  DIRTY $position
themes/default/views/photo.html.php                          15  DIRTY $sibling_count
themes/default/views/photo.html.php                          18  DIRTY $next_item->url()
themes/default/views/photo.html.php                          28  DIRTY $theme->resize_top($item)
themes/default/views/photo.html.php                          32  DIRTY $item->resize_tag(array("id" => "gPhotoId-{$item->id}", "class" => "gResize"))
themes/default/views/photo.html.php                          36  DIRTY $theme->resize_bottom($item)
themes/default/views/photo.html.php                          40  CLEAN $item->title
themes/default/views/photo.html.php                          41  CLEAN $item->description
themes/default/views/photo.html.php                          44  DIRTY $theme->photo_bottom()
themes/default/views/sidebar.html.php                        2   DIRTY $theme->sidebar_top()
themes/default/views/sidebar.html.php                        6   DIRTY $theme->album_menu()
themes/default/views/sidebar.html.php                        8   DIRTY $theme->photo_menu()
themes/default/views/sidebar.html.php                        13  DIRTY $theme->sidebar_blocks()
themes/default/views/sidebar.html.php                        14  DIRTY $theme->sidebar_bottom()
